Remove --reload flag from the collector tests (#268)
pganalyze/pganalyze-docs: collector/settings.mdx

name the other sections after the servers they correspond to, though note these are not the names that will appear
in the app. In-app names are based on hostname settings as determined during monitoring.

> After you make changes, you can run `pganalyze-collector --test` to verify the new configuration and load
> the new configuration in the collector background process if they work correctly. Successful test run will reload the collector.
> This minimizes monitoring interruptions and simplifies config file updates.

Reviewer: I think we could streamline this a bit, e.g.:
```suggestion
After you make changes, you can run `pganalyze-collector --test` to verify the new configuration.
If the test succeeds, this will automatically load the new configuration in the collector background process (equivalent to using the `--reload` flag). This minimizes monitoring interruptions and simplifies config file updates.
```
